welcome to Game of Thrones season 4 it
begins with Ned Stark's big sword it's
being melted down to two by big bad
daddy Tywin Lannister he gives one to
Jaime whose hand was cut off last season
so he's not very good with swords at the
moment he gets a gold ham put on his
getting Tyrians man bran but teach him
to fight left-handed B sucks he's also
trying to bang a sister Cersei again but
she's not having it now Tyrion Lannister
is meeting the Dornish Prince Oberyn
Martell the red Viper come to town
brought his wife straight to the brothel
because they're into group sex is also
bisexual now his sister Elia Martell is
married to the old Targaryen Prince
Terrien facting Rob's rebellion and the
Lannister soldiers brutally murdered her
so he hates all Lannisters no tear Ian's
[ __ ] girlfriend Shay long story short
they about the fight and Tyrion is
married to Sansa Stark which is just
hilarious now this guy comes like
remember me from season 2 Joffrey tried
to drown me in the wine but you saved me
so now I'm a jester and here's a
necklace for you Brienne of Tarth and
Jaime were supposed to deliver Sansa
Stark to her mom but of course Catelyn
Stark dead so what you're gonna do
Jon Snow and the Nights Watch here's
Mance Rayder can't be on the wall coming
down with a huge army of wildlings and
South Duvall some more including his hot
redhead girlfriend regret and this new
scary guy who is a cannibal the Bolton's
are elsewhere in the north this is Roose
Bolton he was one of Rob's lords who
stabbed him at the red wedding that's
his fat new wife was one of Walder
Frey's ugly daughters and this is
bastard Ramsay snow the guy who's been
torturing Theon he calls him reek now
and Fianna is just a shell of a human
being at this point he's like look went
beyond burn bran and Rickon Stark in
season 2 it wasn't really them so we
have to find him and kill him so they
send the guy who cut off Jamie's hand to
do that now Brandon's just wandering the
north with his friends he's touching
trees tripping out three-eyed Raven
whatever Arya and the Hound this pair is
amazing they stopped at an inn and see
Needle her swords who's awesome seems
like give me the chickens what then ok
kills everyone
and then Arya gets her sword back and
she's like hey bro remember when you
killed my friend in season 2 well I'm
gonna quote that back - and stab you in
the neck huh cold blooded Daenerys
Targaryen dragons huge a little bit
unruly though this is Daario naharis
herself sword captain I looked like this
before he's been recast now it looks
like this he's like yo girl I got you
flowers she's like young but Jorah
doesn't like this cuz he loves her and
this city they're going to is crucifying
enslaved kids so that's bad now Joffrey
King ado she's being married Margaery
Tyrell loves to wear low neckline
dresses they get married and have a ward
5 Tunes reenactment that's in really
poor taste with midgets and it's torment
and give me my wine oh I'm choking what
Joffrey's choking y'all he's dead yes
finally Joffrey is dead that's a purple
wedding Tyrion looks super guilty though
so they arrest him this guy's like
stands - come with me to Littlefinger on
a boat what happened Littlefinger you
kill Joffrey yes I was working with
grandma Tyrell we put the poison on your
necklace and the wine couch they didn't
want Margaery marry job because it's the
worst his brother Tommen though is not
the worst he's an okay kid so he's going
to be fine
these two are sad that Suns dead it's
like let's hook up no let's not yes we
should and they have like sort of rapey
incest sex and shirts in front of the
dead body of the Sun Marjorie goes to
visit Tom and it's like hey I'm in Petra
cat are we gonna be really good friends
yes we are do we kiss yet now you're
still too young for that whatever
Denarius gets to marine they send out
the champion he takes a piss so it's
like someone killed this guy Dario's
like yo girl I got you boom
BAM Dario the man sploosh she's like
heal slaves I'm here for you so she
sends in great worm captain to inside a
slave rebellion and they take the city
without a fight so that's cool
Barristan the bold is like yo maybe show
some mercy she's like nah no mercy
crucify all the Masters also she's got a
castle has pretty sweet fat Sam at the
wall with his girlfriend Julie sends it
to a random nearby village at a
different nearby village attacked by
marauding wildlings it's because like I
meet your parents tell the Nights Watch
they're just trying to draw us out we
gotta defend mall what what about the
uni Erza Craster's keep for my season we
got to kill them they're just drinking
out of skulls and having sex with all
Craster's daughters wives it's called a
[ __ ] legend here like hey we got a
baby you got to put out in the snow like
Christ used to do picked up by a white
Walker and it brings him to ice village
with albino Darth Maul turned them into
one crazy Bolton's man fake joins the
Nights Watch so we can find brand who is
captured by the mutineers at Craster's
keep Joe Gentz like don't worry we don't
got here I died later my fire the next
watch arrives this guy's gonna take you
so brand warms into Hodor and breaks
free corner use Nick break
oh what Toto's like I don't understand
what I do Brad sees John but they don't
want to talk to him because he'll take
them home so they leave to go find the
three-eyed raven Carla who can legend
fights Jon Snow and it's like all sword
through mouth nuts and ghost his
direwolf they are buddy you burn down
Craster's keep but speaking of fire
Stannis the Baratheon here is is red
woman Melisandre they're burning
heretics
Stannis's wife loves it they get news
that Joffrey's dead and it's like yo bro
remember when I leached the Kings blood
out of that bastard and put the names in
the fire to kill all the kings you send
him away but that worked I could really
use some king's blood but doused is like
no I have another plan Bravo's we'll go
get a loan from the iron bank
remember the crown is deeply in debt the
iron bank so it's like talk to hand
Stannis man show me the money
so they go see his pirate it's like yo
bro you're back on the payroll and there
we go stances daughter Shireen she's
nice she's got the scarred face she
doesn't like burning people and so her
mom's like yo we should leave her here
when we go but it's like no no the Lord
of Light has a use for her we got to
bring our ominous now Arya is saying all
the names people she wants to tell which
hilariously includes the Hound and they
guys have some awesome adventures
together that I can't really get into
but it's like you know she killed more
people cool Daenerys got the city
Darla's like yo girl got your [ __ ]
it's like enough ships to get to
Westeros millions of viewers say yes
please Westeros but Jorah is like no
every city yet you leave they start
slaving as soon as you disappear so
she's like you know I'm gonna stay and
everyone's like why
and so she's hilariously long titles
when she's holding court and like a
dragon ate this guy's goat and it's like
okay I'll pay you like five bucks for go
this guy is the son of one of the old
masters and it's like no he crucified my
daddy I deserved it no actually he was
trying to not crucify the slave girl so
oops Jaime's new magic sword gives it to
Brienne of Tarth it's like hey go find
Sansa try to keep our oath since Podrick
Payne with her that's Tyrians loyal
Squire because you know Tyrion doesn't
need him in jail and so those two are
going to find Sansa
now it's Tyrians trial time and everyone
who's ever been on shows like Tyrion is
definitely guilty
let's see bad and shake comes to and
like lies he's like yeah he's definitely
guilty and he also did like terrible
things to me in bed so Tyrion super
pissed he's like I had to manage trial
by combat awesome a little finger and
Sansa make it to the area where her aunt
is not breastfeeding thankfully the kids
still awful she's loved him and she
spills the beans about how her old
husband Jon Arryn was the hand of the
king she sent the letter that the
Lannisters poison him she poison him
Littlefinger told her to him to blame it
on the Lannisters what Littlefinger
anyway they get married have super loud
sex and then she's like you're safe now
unless you take Peter for me I love him
and it's like aw man how do I get into
this she's putting snow castle kid comes
is a dick slaps him then Peters like hey
you could be my daughter in an alternate
universe and that's what I'm gonna kiss
you so I say you can see Peter is like
no no girl I've only loved woman in my
whole life your sister what Oh
how does moondoor craziness are in the
Hound get there just in time to find out
that their whole journey has been
pointless hahaha awesome now Brienne and
pod go to an inn they find hot pie arias
friend who's like the gravy
gotta give up on the gravy anyway he's
like I've given her this cookie Daria if
you find her she's with the Hound it's
better than when I cooked her last time
Theon sister is coming to save him if
she gets the hen it's just you'd be on
saving then Ramsay snow shows up
shirtless and like has this awesome
fight so she's like you know what forget
the and I'm going home now he's like
good boy reciver choppy I'm gonna dress
you up this thing on send you to this
castle nearby that the iron men hold and
you're gonna tell them you surrender but
remember you're not really beyond you're
still reek so he goes and it's like yes
surrender oh I flayed them all so sorry
good boy reek Daenerys he's in her
pyramid she goes home one night Daario
yo girl climbed in the window it's like
you know it just have sex with me so he
gets naked and then they have sex in the
morning Jorah oh sorry bro I Bhangra and
he's like I don't like the guy she's
like yeah I'm sending it to the one of
the other cities I took to capture back
now her Captain grey worm is having
thing with her translator chick it's
like I thought he was you know a eunuch
and it's like I am it's like well that's
too bad then you don't have a dick
Tyrion is like Jamie fight for me no I
don't have a hand who's seriously
getting the mountain Gregor game that's
the hounds brother we saw him last like
season one he was a different actor and
he is a monster and just apparently
allowed to murder peasants for fun now
bran can't fight reminded because
Circe's offered him a marriage that'll
get him a castle if he doesn't fight but
he's like look I like you bro so good
luck Oberon comes and he's like the
mountain is exactly the guy who killed
my sister I will be your champion
yes Oberyn Martell so they tell a
Beatles story and then it's time to
fight the mountain is huge but Oberyn
saw like rock spear awesome I'm gonna
make you confess so he goes on an eagle
Montoya you raped her you murdered her
you killed her children
Oh got him down and slam boom Oh got him
and he's like confess
tell Tywin gave you the order to kill
her but then off the ground
what yes I kill her like this girl oh it
is really brutal that's nasty and now
Tyrion yeah his sentence to death in the
north Jilly's they're tapped by
wildlings Ygritte decides to let her
live cuz like she's nice and she gets
back and Sam hands up kisses or hey Sam
but it's time for the battle so they're
coming down Giants on mammoths nuts
attacking in the south this guy's was in
command he was a city watch the tyrion
said from the wall in season two and so
he hides like a [ __ ] so Jon Snow's in
command and he's like yeah fight him off
the giant like shoots the bow some
awesome stuff happens like that and then
a cool shot and the Jon fights a
cannibal leader and it's like oh hammer
to the head and then you crit oh she
pauses she's like oh whoa I'm shot at
what ya know school bride got your back
and it's like all you're granted she's
like you know nothing Jon Snow and then
she dies in his arms so sad the rest of
the battle goes finally I can leech the
site which is pretty sweet and then one
for the night they captured like the
funny redhead wildly and it's like no
man still is too many men so I got to go
and see with him I'm gonna maybe
assassinate him but instead they just
drink and then night show up who does it
stand as the man is what's he doing here
at the end of last season they got the
note that the Nights Watch you needed
help so man she's like you know what
forget it I surrender
Brandon pod find Arya in the Hound and
even though they really should get along
to protect aria they end up fighting and
it like degenerates pretty quickly to
brutality and then Oh punch off though
Mountain uh so Arya finds him The Hound
is dying he's like just put me out of my
misery but she just tears him he's like
do it now kill me and after the second
time I quoted Arnold as the Hound
she leaves him to die Bram's wandering
finds a magic tree guarded by cgi
skeletons who warns Hodor extract
skeleton bashing then Jojen gets all
stabby stabby sorry fireball what is
that
Delf chick throwing fireballs this is
not Jojen there's as fire they make it
into the cave and they find the
three-eyed raven who is tree Gandalf
and I guess he's going to teach bran
magic sweet now at the Bell they're like
so you're saying it was a suicide and
Saints a conference worm she's like yeah
it was I guess we just in this together
Littlefinger and so he's like yo little
take you on a tour and Sansa change into
a sexy black dress all right no he's
like no dad got you think so it's like
Lion King everything is touches we all
in the north now I the demise you not a
bastard and we're gonna live in
Winterfell ah that the Kings small
council is finally taking tener
seriously so they send the letter to
Barristan saying how Jorah used to spy
for them he's like Khaleesi and she's
like nah you banished so he's out of
there
she has port though Don goat bones oh my
god dragons are getting kids now so she
has to lock him up can't find the black
one though and she's like crying as she
go into the darkness now a gret is being
burned Johnson oh so sad statuses at the
wall so that's interesting in Jon Snow
has a hot new right I'd hang out with
the mountain was poisoned over and
poisonous spear and so he's dying but
this guy is like I can save him with
sketchy things they revoked my medical
license for and sir she's like yeah I'm
fine with that
now tyrion is saved by Jaime I'm
breaking you out of here bro just go
right up these stairs but first Tyrians
like I'm going to my dad's room and
finds Jay in Tywin's bed the hypocrisy
Tywin I'm gonna kill him he's so sad and
he finds his dad on the toilet and boom
shoots him big bad daddy Tywin Lannister
dead tyrion out Maris's like oh man
would you do I'll put you in the box put
you on the boat you know what King's
Landing I think I'm out of here so he's
going to Tyrion and Arya finds a boat -
hey we're going to Braavos
Braavos I got the quest right into that
Master Assassin jacket and God gave me
this coin in season two
I'm passed with valor morghulis and it's
a KO yeah come on by so she's going on
an adventure and that's how season 4
comes to man